###Base version of Game : 
You can Open Swarmshot Folder in V S Code and then run main.py file.
Map of 44X44 tiles each of 16X16 pixel size.
The game is currently Just the main Player moving on the map. Animated via spritesheet.

###Final Version of Game :
In Example_of_Game folder , run the example.py file alone.
Here I aim to tell mechanics of game . 

The game is Top-down zombie horde survivor.
The scientist , weapons , enemies , buildings are all rendered through Spritesheets.
because Spritesheets give optimisation.

Gameplay:
Map Size: 44x44 grid, each tile being 16x16 pixels (adjustable based on resolution).
Player Spawn Point: Center of the map (22, 22 in tile coordinates).
Environment: The map is a simple desert .
The game is played on a big map of 50X50 tiles . Player cannot move outside the map bounds . 
Player is a scientist who has to end zombie apocalypse. He kills zombies with his high-tech advanced Technology.
Player uses Shop to upgrade his tools i.e :  buy new weapons , pets , buildings.


Player :  2x2 tiles size
Movement: Moves in 8 directions (up, down, left, right, and diagonals) with a speed of 5 tiles per second.
Health: Starts with 30 HP.
Player is a Goofy scientist can hold 6 weapons at max.
Scientist can hold 2 pets at max.
Scientist has health, movement speed, and can own pets and weapons.
Scientist can just move around the map and also remain Idle. 
So sprites associated with 4-directional movement and idle should be present.(However Scientist can move in 8 directions)
If scientist collides(overlaps) with enemy , his health decreases by the damage amount of enemy .
If scientist health drops below zero , Game Over.

Wave system: 
Game consists of 12 waves.
Each wave different types of enemies and different number of enemies will be deployed randomly on map . Enemies will be deployed randomly but away from PlAYER .
Enemies cannot be deployed on the portion occupied by building .
A wave has following property: Enemy type and Number .
Each wave lasts untill all enemies are not dead . (i.e total Number of enemies left = zero )
After 12 waves are completed , The game is won by player.

Shop System: After each wave is over,The screen is overlayed by a shop which displays some cards , a shop randomly gives 4 cards to choose from , Player can choose using mouse . Player can choose only 2 cards.
cards can be defense buildings , pets , weapons . Cards offer these things randomly , it could be any type of building , pet , weapons .
If Player has max weapons or pets he has to discard any of them  , to Equip new ones .
Discarded pet will be eaten by zombies.(its health will be 20HP and decrease and die(remove from Game)) .

Pets: 1X1 tile size
Pets are dynamic wrt scientist and they are like the Spring-arm of Unreal Engine or Unity.
Pets move with the scientist and stay around the scientist.
Pets dont die . They dont have health and cannot be damaged by zombies(enemies) .
Pets are a little farther(4 tiles away) from the player so that the Player weapon can be seen .
If one pet equipped , then it is at right side of player , 
IF 2 PETS , one at right and other at left . 
Different Pets have different properties , some attack the zombies  , some give power buffs (like +5% attack) , some are medics(add health to player) , some drop bombs ,etc.

Weapons: 1X1 tile size
If Scientist has weapons they are static wrt to scientist. And located at certain distance from scientist.(Like Brotato game )
If 1 weapon equipped , it is at left of scientist.
If 2 weapons , they are at left and right.
If more weapons they are located in following manner around scientist :  left , right , top-left , top-right , bottom-left , bottom-right .
Weapons auto-aim and shoots projectiles at the nearest enemy.
Weapons have following properties : ammo , reload-rate , ammo-distance(Distance after which the bullet will disappear). Bullets disappear after hitting enemy and do damage to enemy.  . This is basic weapon class , all weapons Inherit from this and may have different speciality.

Building: 3x3 tiles 
after a Building is choosen , it will be temporarily at the centre of game screen , and then using the W,A,S,D keys or the arrow keys , it can be moved wherever player wants.
After "Space" is pressed , the building is established there . and then the Next wave begins .
These building are inspired by buildings of clash of clans , they can be cannon , archer tower, tesla tower etc . 
These defense buildings attack only when the enemies are in the range of Building .
So , a building has : LOCATION(x,y) , fire-rate , range , damage per fire .
Enemies do not spawn on the land occupied by building . also Building cannot be established on other building / occupied land .

Enemy: Varying sizes (weakest- 1x1 , tank -2X2 , ranged-1X1 )
Basic Enemy: Occupies 1x1 tile, low health, and moves directly toward the player.
Tank Enemy: Occupies 2x2 tiles, high health, slow movement.
Ranged Enemy: Occupies 1x1 tile, shoots projectiles toward the player at intervals.
You may create different types of enemies .
Spawn Points: Random locations at the edges of the map.
Enemies are zombies . They move towards the scientist .
Boss enemies can have specialised enemy behavior , like dashing at player after certain Interval or spawning new enemies or different attack pattern.
Enemies have health, speed and damage amount .They damage player when they collide(overlap) with player. While overlapping they damage by the damage amount per second.
Enemies are damaged by the weapon of player( not the weapon , but by the bullets of weapon).
Enemies are killed when their health falls below zero and they are deleted from Game .







